# Hello, World! Again!?
<small> 16 May 2025 </small>

Hello! Again... I've been thinking and wanting to write more along with many other things, but my free time is a little more scarce these days. I am a father now! I wasn't expecting my second blog post ever to be a non-technical one but oh well. This post will probably be a little short but technical posts will be coming! Also, as a reminder, there are no specific release times for the posts. When I say 'soon,' take that with a grain of salt. To round off the technical part, I have not done anything technical what so ever. I did a fresh install of arch on my laptop, and documented a new laptop setup for myself. I did this trying to fix a storage issue I had. I originally installed NIXOS but it was not for me. I hope to get back to more programming very soon!

Being a father is something I can't describe. It is unlike anything I have ever experience in my life. There are true animal instincts hiding deep within humans and it comes out. It's extremely hard to over power and in some cases you don't want to over power it. The amount of love and protection that pours out of my soul when my eyes lay over my son is like nothing I have ever experienced. Anything I have said before having a son about a kid is completely changed. Parents too. Just like a lot of experiences, our perspectives can change wildly after we experience it ourselves and that's exactly what happened. I have a lot more respect for parents. It's the hardest but most rewarding job ever. I can say so much more but I will sprinkle that in across many posts technical and non-technical.

Finally, I want to take a moment to praise my wife. As I've discovered these new paternal instincts, I've also gained profound appreciation for her journey. I knew pregnancy would be challenging, but I could have never comprehended the true magnitude of what it entails. Watching her navigate pregnancy and then seamlessly transition into motherhood has been beyond impressive. It's been truly inspiring. Those countless hours awake, breastfeeding and nurturing our helpless baby, all while recovering herself, demonstrate a strength I'm still in awe of. The depth of love and respect I feel for her has reached entirely new dimensions. Like fatherhood itself, words fail to capture the fullness of this experience. As I return to my technical projects in the coming months, I know these profound life changes will influence not just what I write about, but how I approach problems and solutions. Parenthood has a way of reshaping everything even code.
